FIX Correct the formulation of `alpha` in `SGDOneClassSVM` (#32778)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/upcoming_changes/sklearn.linear_model/32778.fix.rst

- Correct the formulation of `alpha` within :class:`linear_model.SGDOneClassSVM`.

>   The corrected value is `alpha = nu` in place of `alpha = nu / 2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The corrected value is `alpha = nu` instead of `alpha = nu / 2`.
```
